Skip to main content
NAIC Logo
Mega Menu
Regulator
Industry
Consumer
Committees
Resource Center
Insurance Departments
About
Center for Insurance Policy and Research
Journal of Insurance Regulation
A Forum for Opinion and Discussion of Major Regulatory and Public Policy Issues in Insurance
The Journal of Insurance Regulation (JIR) strives to make state insurance departments more aware of the cutting-edge, high-quality research occurring in the regulatory arena. All authors having articles that deal with insurance regulation are invited to submit manuscripts to the Journal for review. Before appearing in the Journal, each article is rigorously evaluated by the JIR Editorial Review Board to ensure that all information provides a true benefit to its readers and is of the utmost quality. The ideas expressed in the Journal are not endorsed by the NAIC, CIPR, the Journal's editorial staff, or the Journal's board.

Search CIPR
Keyword
Year

All
Type

All
Journal of Insurance Regulation

The Virtues and Vices of Association Health Plans
Mar. 11, 2025

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Abstracts of Significant Cases Bearing on the Regulation of Insurance
Mar. 11, 2025

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Effects of the McHugh Decision on California's Life Insurance Market
Nov. 8, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Automobile Diminished Value Claims
Aug. 12, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Sectoral Asset Concentrations and Insurance Solvency Regulation
May. 20, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

The Impact of Regulation on Customer Satisfaction: Evidence From the US Auto Insurance Industry
Feb. 28, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

No-Fault Auto Insurance Reform in Michigan: An Initial Assessment
Feb. 27, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Abstracts of Significant Cases Bearing on the Regulation of Insurance 2023
Feb. 27, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Call for Papers 2024 - Related to CIPR key initiatives
Jan. 17, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Climate Risk in the Commercial Mortgage Portfolios of Life Insurers: A Focus on Sea Level Rise and Flood Risks
Jan. 17, 2024

Journal of Insurance Regulation

The Case for Pausing Any Immediate Embrace of the Social Inflation Argument for Legal System Reforms
Nov. 28, 2023

Journal of Insurance Regulation

Announcing New Co-Editors for The Journal of Insurance Regulation
Oct. 12, 2023

Pagination
Current page1
Page2
Page3
Page4
Page5
Page6
Page7
Next page
›
Resources & Links
JIR Editorial Review Board
JIR Guidelines and Ethics Statement
Kimball Award
Call for Papers 2024 - Related to CIPR key initiatives
Journal of Insurance Regulation Archives
Article Submission, Comments, or Editorial Matters
The Journal of Insurance Regulation (JIR) wants you! The Journal is soliciting articles concerning all aspects of insurance regulation. Articles are in-depth legal studies, economic analyses, public policy analyses and empirical studies. Each article should be a minimum of 15 pages of text only and may also include figures and graphs to support or further explain the content of the article. The editorial review board and independent reviewers will evaluate all submissions in a double-blind review process, focusing on the importance of the subject, general readership interest, documentation of ideas and concepts, and relevancy to current hot issues. Recent submissions dealt with the evolving nature of the U.S. regulatory landscape, international insurance, terrorism insurance, the viatical settlements market, and interstate compacts.

The Journal also solicits outside reviews of material published elsewhere that may be of readership interest. Authors who have published articles in other venues are encouraged to submit synopses (100-300 words) so regulators and others can be directed to other sources.

To submit a manuscript or a review of a previously published article, contact the JIR editor at:

Jill Bisco and Stephen Fier, co-editors
JIReditor@gmail.com

Suggestions for cases appropriate for legal review or analyses of such cases should be sent to:

Olivea Myers, Legal Counsel
NAIC 
1100 Walnut Street, Suite 1500
Kansas City, MO 64106-2197
OMyers@naic.org

NAIC Insurance Products and Services 
1100 Walnut Street, Suite 1500
Kansas City, MO 64106-2197
816-783-8300
prodserv@naic.org

Reprints
NAIC publications are subject to copyright protection. If you would like to reprint an NAIC publication, please submit a "request for permission". The NAIC will review your request.

Visit NAIC's Library & Archives
Can’t find what you are looking for? Search for current and historical information, including the complete digitized collection of NAIC Proceedings.

Search our Library
NAIC Logo
© 1991-2025 National Association of Insurance Commissioners.

All rights reserved.

Stop.Call.Confirm is a registered service mark of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.

Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Connect
Workplace
Web CMS
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
Services
MyNAIC
iSite+
Financial Statement Filing
Automated Valuation Service
Account Manager
Resources
Resource Center
Newsroom
Publications
Meetings and Events
Education and Training
Glossary of Insurance Terms
Support
Contact
Help
Careers

