FIFA.com
Strategic Objectives: 2023–2027
What FIFA does
Organisation
Member Associations
Campaigns
Reports & documents
FIFA Rankings
Back
Monday 23 December 2024, 14:30
Transfer system
Bureau of the Council adopts interim regulatory framework concerning RSTP
English
 - Other languages (4)
Decision follows close consultation with key football stakeholders
Interim rules to apply immediately
FIFA to continue consultation to develop robust, long-term global regulatory framework


Following FIFA’s fruitful consultation with key football stakeholders in relation to the transfer system and possible amendments to article 17 of the Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players (RSTP), the Bureau of the Council has adopted an interim regulatory framework concerning the RSTP and the Procedural Rules Governing the Football Tribunal.

The interim regulatory framework addresses the rules about compensation for breach of contract, joint and several liability, inducement for breach of contract, International Transfer Certificates and proceedings before the Football Tribunal, with a view to providing clarity and stability ahead of upcoming registration periods and upholding globally uniform rules.

FIFA considers that it has the responsibility, as the recognised global governing body of football, to provide as much regulatory stability and clarity in the current circumstances.

The interim regulatory framework will apply immediately, including to cases pending before the Football Tribunal, in line with the detailed explanatory notes. 

There has been a clear understanding between all parties involved that this interim regulatory framework does not have any impact on the on-going consultation and discussion regarding possible long-term amendments to the RSTP. 

FIFA looks forward to continuing its close cooperation with key stakeholders as part of the global dialogue launched in October with the objective of developing a robust, transparent, non-discriminatory, objective and proportionate regulatory framework that will apply uniformly to professional football at a global level.

Related Topics
Transfer system
Football Tribunal
Legal
Cookie Settings
We Care About Your PrivacyWe and our 878 partners may store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookie Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy. Data Protection Portal
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes